# airbnb-zillow-data-challenge

## Xueting Sun



### Submission Directory Tree

```
├── data
├── output
│   ├── Airbnb_EDA.csv
│   ├── Zillow_EDA.csv
│   └── result.csv
└── src
    ├── Data_Challenge_Report_Xueting_Sun.html
    └── Data_Challenge_Report_Xueting_Sun.ipynb
```

- The _**src**_ folder contains all the code with documentation (integrated report with code).
  - If you just want to take a look at the report & code, double-click to open the HTML file
  - If you want to check the code (run it), open the ipynb file by jupyter notebook (Anaconda)
- The _**output**_ folder contains all CSV files generated by the code. 
  - Files that have a name with `EDA` suffix are `Data Quality Check` results for the original datasets. 
  - `result.csv` is the final dataset that has the desired results, and it is also used for data visualization.
- The _**data**_ folder is supposed to store Airbnb & Zillow datasets provided by CaptialOne. They're removed before submission. Now it's empty.



### Schema for  `result.csv`

#### Here are some detailed explanation for new derived metrics in `result.csv`

- **zipcode** : Primary Key
- **count** : Number of listing houses 
- **norm_population**: Generated by SizeRank. Considering SizeRank(Population Rank) could range from 1 to 2000+, it's not appropriate to be used to calculate `Demand` directly. Thus I categorized SizedRank into 5 group
- **Demand**: $\frac {count} {norm\_population}$ , high listings count with high norm_population corresponding to high demand 
- **Rental_Price**: Daily Price
- **Property_Price**: Price at 2017-06
- **Occupancy_Rate**: $1-\frac {availablity\_365}{365}$  , using `availability_365` is because the occupancy rate could change seasonally, it'll be better to choose a feature with 1-year time frame
- **Inflation Rate**: Increase rate of property price (calculated by using past five years price data)
- **Return_Ratio**: Yearly return rate after investment
- **Breakeven**: How many years are needed to get breakeven after investment